chore(docs): Update GitHub Pages doc (#29031)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/how-to/previews-deploys-hosting/how-gatsby-works-with-github-pages.md

For a repository named like `username.github.io`, you don't need to specify `pathPrefix` and your website needs to be pushed to the `master` branch.

> > You have several option of how you deploy your pages:
> >
> > - Change the default branch from `master` to something else, and use `master` as a site deployment directory only:
> >   1. To create a new branch called `source` run this command:
> >      `git checkout -b source master`
> >   2. Change the default branch in your repository settings ("Branches" menu item) from `master` to `source`
> >   - **Note**: GitHub Pages now lets you use any branch for deployment, see [this docs page](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/working-with-github-pages/configuring-a-publishing-source-for-your-github-pages-site#choosing-a-publishing-source) on how to do this. This means you do not have to change your default branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You have several option of how you deploy your pages:
>
> - Change the default branch from `main` to something else, and use `main` as a site deployment directory only:
>   1. To create a new branch called `source` run this command:
>      `git checkout -b source main`
>   2. Change the default branch in your repository settings ("Branches" menu item) from `main` to `source`
> - **Note**: GitHub Pages lets you use any branch for deployment, see [this docs page](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/working-with-github-pages/configuring-a-publishing-source-for-your-github-pages-site#choosing-a-publishing-source) on how to do this. This means you do not have to change your default branch.
```
